Add background subtraction to kymotracking example (#260)
lumicks/pylake: docs/examples/cas9_kymotracking/cas9_kymotracking.rst

What we can observe in this data is that as more force is applied, we get an increased binding activity. Let’s see
if we can put the kymotracker to some good use and quantify these.

Compute background
------------------
First, we select a small region without traces to determine the background signal::

    background=kymo['100s':'200s'].crop_by_distance(28,31)

>     green_background_ppixel=np.mean(background.green_image)

Reviewer: Is is really `ppixel`, or just `pixel`? Also, the document apparently uses active voice for section titles. So `Compute the background` perhaps?

Author: I really meant to say 'per pixel'. And yes, it makes sense to use the same voice as in other section titles.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `per_pixel` then?

.. image:: kymo_position_over_time.png

> We can use the line coordinates to sample the photon counts in the image. If we want to sum the photon count in a pixel region
> around the line from -3 to 3 (a line with a width of 7 pixels) and subtract the background, we can achieve this by::

Reviewer 3: Not sure about the line break, but I'd word it something like this:
```suggestion
The line coordinates can be used to sample the photon counts in the image. The example below demonstrates how to obtain the sum of the photon count in a pixel region and subtract the background around the line from -3 to 3 (a line with a width of 7 pixels). This is achieved by::
```

    plt.figure()

>     plt.plot(longest_line.seconds, longest_line.sample_from_image(3)-7*green_background_ppixel)

Reviewer 2: One could consider making the effect of the window width explicit by doing something like
```python
window_size = 3
plt.plot(
    longest_line.seconds,
    longest_line.sample_from_image(window_size) - (2 * window_size + 1) * green_background_ppixel,
)
```
But then it might make sense to first assign the sampled array to not have the actual plot statement be so long.
```python
window = 3
bg_corrected = longest_line.sample_from_image(window) - (2 * window + 1) * green_background_pixel
plt.plot(longest_line.seconds, bg_corrected)
```
